Add note to have Designers review visual changes (#2416)
alphagov/govuk_publishing_components: docs/pull_request_template.md

<!-- What are the reasons behind this change being made? -->

## Visual Changes
<!-- If change results in visual changes, include detailed screenshots that show the various states. -->

<!-- Please ensure that the changes are reviewed by a Designer if required. -->
<!-- To help Designers, please include a link to specific elements to review, -->

> <!-- for example to https://components.publishing.service.gov.uk/public -->

Reviewer: The preview URL pattern has been updated so it's now predictable - could this be included in the example link?

```suggestion
<!-- for example to https://components-gem-pr-[PULL REQUEST NUMBER].herokuapp.com/public -->
```
